com/google/android/gms/vision_common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision_common.R
androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/google/android/gms/phenotype/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.phenotype.R
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/reactnativecommunity/picker/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.picker.R$xml
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
com/th3rdwave/safeareacontext/R.java
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$anim
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$attr
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$bool
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$color
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$dimen
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$drawable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$id
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$integer
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$layout
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$string
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$style
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$styleable
 com.th3rdwave.safeareacontext.R$xml
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
org/reactnative/maskedview/R.java
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$anim
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$attr
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$bool
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$color
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$id
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$integer
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$layout
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$string
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$style
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.maskedview.R$xml
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/app/MainApplication.java
 com.app.MainApplication
 com.app.MainApplication$1
org/reactnative/camera/R.java
 org.reactnative.camera.R
 org.reactnative.camera.R$anim
 org.reactnative.camera.R$attr
 org.reactnative.camera.R$bool
 org.reactnative.camera.R$color
 org.reactnative.camera.R$dimen
 org.reactnative.camera.R$drawable
 org.reactnative.camera.R$id
 org.reactnative.camera.R$integer
 org.reactnative.camera.R$layout
 org.reactnative.camera.R$string
 org.reactnative.camera.R$style
 org.reactnative.camera.R$styleable
 org.reactnative.camera.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/maps/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.maps.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/horcrux/svg/R.java
 com.horcrux.svg.R
 com.horcrux.svg.R$anim
 com.horcrux.svg.R$attr
 com.horcrux.svg.R$bool
 com.horcrux.svg.R$color
 com.horcrux.svg.R$dimen
 com.horcrux.svg.R$drawable
 com.horcrux.svg.R$id
 com.horcrux.svg.R$integer
 com.horcrux.svg.R$layout
 com.horcrux.svg.R$string
 com.horcrux.svg.R$style
 com.horcrux.svg.R$styleable
 com.horcrux.svg.R$xml
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/app/MainActivity.java
 com.app.MainActivity
 com.app.MainActivity$1
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/oblador/vectoricons/R.java
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$anim
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$attr
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$bool
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$color
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$dimen
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$drawable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$id
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$integer
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$layout
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$string
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$style
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$styleable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$xml
org/umhan35/R.java
 org.umhan35.R
 org.umhan35.R$anim
 org.umhan35.R$attr
 org.umhan35.R$bool
 org.umhan35.R$color
 org.umhan35.R$dimen
 org.umhan35.R$drawable
 org.umhan35.R$id
 org.umhan35.R$integer
 org.umhan35.R$layout
 org.umhan35.R$string
 org.umhan35.R$style
 org.umhan35.R$styleable
 org.umhan35.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/flags/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.flags.R
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
com/app/Manifest.java
 com.app.Manifest
 com.app.Manifest$permission
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
fr/bamlab/rnimageresizer/R.java
 fr.bamlab.rnimageresizer.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/swmansion/rnscreens/R.java
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$anim
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$animator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$attr
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$bool
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$color
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$id
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$integer
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$interpolator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$layout
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$plurals
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$string
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$style
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$xml
com/reactnativecommunity/geolocation/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.geolocation.R$xml
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
com/imagepicker/R.java
 com.imagepicker.R
 com.imagepicker.R$anim
 com.imagepicker.R$attr
 com.imagepicker.R$bool
 com.imagepicker.R$color
 com.imagepicker.R$dimen
 com.imagepicker.R$drawable
 com.imagepicker.R$id
 com.imagepicker.R$integer
 com.imagepicker.R$layout
 com.imagepicker.R$string
 com.imagepicker.R$style
 com.imagepicker.R$styleable
 com.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/reactnativecommunity/asyncstorage/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.asyncstorage.R$xml
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/app/R.java
 com.app.R
 com.app.R$anim
 com.app.R$animator
 com.app.R$attr
 com.app.R$bool
 com.app.R$color
 com.app.R$dimen
 com.app.R$drawable
 com.app.R$id
 com.app.R$integer
 com.app.R$interpolator
 com.app.R$layout
 com.app.R$mipmap
 com.app.R$plurals
 com.app.R$raw
 com.app.R$string
 com.app.R$style
 com.app.R$styleable
 com.app.R$xml
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/google/maps/android/R.java
 com.google.maps.android.R
 com.google.maps.android.R$attr
 com.google.maps.android.R$color
 com.google.maps.android.R$drawable
 com.google.maps.android.R$id
 com.google.maps.android.R$integer
 com.google.maps.android.R$layout
 com.google.maps.android.R$raw
 com.google.maps.android.R$string
 com.google.maps.android.R$style
 com.google.maps.android.R$styleable
com/zoontek/rnpermissions/R.java
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$anim
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$attr
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$bool
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$color
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$dimen
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$drawable
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$id
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$integer
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$layout
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$string
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$style
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$styleable
 com.zoontek.rnpermissions.R$xml
com/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.app.BuildConfig
com/reactnativecommunity/netinfo/R.java
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$anim
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$attr
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$bool
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$color
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$dimen
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$drawable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$id
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$integer
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$layout
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$string
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$style
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$styleable
 com.reactnativecommunity.netinfo.R$xml
com/airbnb/android/react/maps/R.java
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$anim
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$attr
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$bool
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$color
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$dimen
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$drawable
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$id
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$integer
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$layout
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$raw
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$string
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$style
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$styleable
 com.airbnb.android.react.maps.R$xml
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
com/rnfs/R.java
 com.rnfs.R
 com.rnfs.R$anim
 com.rnfs.R$attr
 com.rnfs.R$bool
 com.rnfs.R$color
 com.rnfs.R$dimen
 com.rnfs.R$drawable
 com.rnfs.R$id
 com.rnfs.R$integer
 com.rnfs.R$layout
 com.rnfs.R$string
 com.rnfs.R$style
 com.rnfs.R$styleable
 com.rnfs.R$xml
com/reactnativelocationenabler/R.java
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$anim
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$attr
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$bool
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$color
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$dimen
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$drawable
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$id
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$integer
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$layout
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$string
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$style
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$styleable
 com.reactnativelocationenabler.R$xml
com/reactcommunity/rndatetimepicker/R.java
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$anim
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$attr
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$bool
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$color
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$dimen
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$drawable
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$id
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$integer
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$layout
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$string
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$style
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$styleable
 com.reactcommunity.rndatetimepicker.R$xml
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/facebook/hermes/R.java
 com.facebook.hermes.R
com/google/android/gms/vision/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision.R
com/google/android/gms/clearcut/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.clearcut.R
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
